at a certain point if you got a giant
kappaface over your shoulder and no
one's telling them to go away like I
feel like I have to acknowledge that
this is happening because the audience
is experiencing it time for my last
interview of the events here at the
Fillmore Miami for na LCS spring files
coverage Brenda presented by Omni / I'm
joined right now by - who may or may not
take over this interview start asking me
questions given my always a possibility
given given my past experiences with
them - what was this weekend like for
you honestly it was an incredible
weekend which is weird to say given that
both series were three O's right I think
most people would look at those score
lines and they're gonna be like oh there
must been one of the most uninteresting
finals weekend's that you've ever seen
but I think that the teams in some ways
completely flipped the idea of how
League of Legends is currently played on
its head and gave us such an incredible
showing and as Isaiah said on the desk
to some degree the score lines did not
reflect the closeness or the excitement
level of the series as a whole on top of
the fact that this venue freakin
incredible I know there was some
criticism for how small it was I love
that intimate feel I love being
connected to the audience being on the
floor like we were hearing the crowd war
seeing this the fan signs in the support
I mean the incredible amount of both
Team Liquid and 100 three signs that we
saw today I had a blast I'm excited to
go party tonight in Miami and and then
headed home well let's talk a little bit
about the match today against hundred
things what what do you think and I know
much like me you're not the guy that's
gonna dive into the statistics
themselves but what for the narrative
what do you think of you know 100 teams
coming in here and just you know as the
matches and games we're exciting still
going as 0-3 against Team Liquid I mean
I think it's a it's gonna sting a bit
it's definitely gonna sting if you're on
that squad and simply because in two out
of three games they were positioned to
win right you look at Game one a huge
bear and steal by X myth he steals the
game back you look at Game three they're
completely trashing impact in the top
they're set up to win they just can't
quite capitalize whether they need to
capitalize and then that's where the
credit has to be given to Team Liquid
for what they did as a squad right as a
five-man squad to be able to come back
and fight through that adversity and
rise to the top that's incredible
but back to your point on a hundred
thieves for a new organization yes with
plenty of veterans on it for an entirely
new organization to not only come in and
perform to the level that they did where
they finished regular season first seed
they finished playoffs in second but to
also just build the brand that they have
man again like that's why I said there
were signs for both teams there were not
just signs for for Team Liquid in this
crowd there were just as many for 100
thieves and this is a tee so you're
looking at like how many years this team
like we've been around cursed a team
like what you like you know five to
eight to ten to like whatever right and
then you got 100 thieves as a league of
Legends brand one split and they are
crushing it in terms of brand so I think
they should absolutely hold their heads
high it is gonna sting a little bit
because of that 3o but we will remember
we will remember that they put up a
fighting chance
well you mentioned fan science it's very
funny you probably don't notice you know
who hungry boxes from team like oh I do
know and I did catch it out of the
corner of my eye so this was dairy the a
block right corner of my eye I'm like
talking over to like jad or something
like that I see somebody run up to the
ropes and then I see a white shirt come
from the side and like almost tackle him
out of the way I love that he loves his
team that much glad that the security
guards are doing their jobs most of you
those of you that missed maybe the best
Smasher in melee for the past couple
years hungry box team liquid coming by
with a giant double lift head just
waving in the background the analyst
says does that stuff tilt you at all
like whenever you see like the fan signs
the backer they're still distract what's
always interesting to me is like Avila
was doing a very serious interview on
stage yesterday and somebody holds up a
sign and the whole crowd starts laughing
but she has no idea why they're laughing
yes yeah yeah exactly
um I wouldn't say it tilts me but what I
will say is that when I do catch it when
I see it immediately like you know in my
head I'm going do I reference it how do
I deal with it if it stays there for a
minute what do I say because at a
certain point if you got a giant
kappaface over your shoulder and no
one's telling them to go away like I
feel like I have to acknowledge that
this is happening because the audience
is experiencing it as you say I don't
find it tilting again I love the passion
that our fans bring and I want them you
know to look for outlets of course safe
outlets right that's that's the
important thing to note here is and
that's why the security is in place but
but at the end of the day no doesn't
bother me at all I love the fandom
I love I love when people are hanging
around at the end of a the fact that
there are that many people around for
the interview you could just as easily
leave as soon as the series over but
because there are people in the audience
holding up signs while Avila is doing
her interviews I think that that just
shows the closeness of our community and
how eSports you know gamers - tube
competitors interact and like kind of
that that tight-knit group and that
emotional connection that we have to
each other because of the shared love
well north america has onto msi because
this is an interview that i'll see on
youtube for who knows decades centuries
i get to ask you is north america gonna
do well - is this gonna work out um are
they gonna get first like expense said
they have a good chance of getting with
SKT out
I don't think so but I will say that I
really do believe and you know jatt will
say well you we say it every year but I
really do believe that we are sending
one of the best iterations of a North
American team that we have ever seen i
again i think that's proven by to
comeback games but still in a what
seemed like a dominant 3o victory you
saw the teamwork it wasn't and as much
as people memed about the paid by steve
and great you got five individually
great players well what happens when
those five individually great players
actually start gelling as a squad and
that's what we're starting to see is a
team liquid roster that's coming to full
fruition and working as well oiled
machine so baby second maybe second okay
I'm not gonna go so far as to say first
well I mean we've done it before we got
second before so we'll so we'll see if
we can pull it off to go how what's next
for you I mean Germany is just around
the corner right yeah I don't know if
we've made the msi announcements so
you'll have to wait on bated breath to
find out who's actually going to be
attending from the casting team but
quite obviously yeah we got the finals
party tonight that'll be fun and then we
head back to LA and a lot of it is about
rege earring for me my next couple weeks
are gonna be spent glued to a television
watching vods of every msi team that's
qualified because i simply don't have
the bandwidth to do that throughout the
season so now i'm gonna go into a dark
room hole up and just watch like 10
hours of vods a day and take notes and
get get prepped so that i can
effectively do my job
when i'm maybe not there okay well
that's a you know that wasn't me
that was a trick question you started
off with myself you're on your own right
here yes so I can't get prepped to do
something that could include a
tournament in the future very smooth
finals was the last time anyone stark
dash is actually gonna be who's yeah
he'll just be taking my place from this
point onward is there anything that you
would like to say to any of the fans out
there I mean I say it every time but
just just the most sincere thank you I
possibly can again to all the people who
made it out to all those who couldn't
the reason why I love my job is because
of the fact that I get to interface with
you because of the fact that I get to
share my love of this game my love of
competition and sport with you guys so
just just keep it calm and keep the
passion coming man I live and breathe
because of that so thank you so much for
it thank you so much for the interview
for everyone so you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
listen Rodan I forgot to fill me out
shows this weekend we were to do it at
the venue and now we're doing it on the
way to the airport so thank you so much
to Omni slash for sponsoring our
coverage in flight and the Subaru and
everything else on the way out here they
really made it possible thanks so much
for watching and subscribe here for more
videos